WORK EXPERIENCE
[01/10/2018 - Current]
Pharmacy Lab Technician cum demonstrator
SGT University
City: GURGAON  Country: India
As Pharmacy Technician, support Pharmacology services by stocking and
distributing medications, help health care providers and patients by greeting them.
in person and by phone, answering questions and requests, and referring inquiries.
to the pharmacist, Maintain pharmacy inventory by checking pharmaceutical stock
determine inventory level , anticipating needed medications and supplies, placing
and expediting orders, verifying receipt, removing outdated drugs, maintain safe
and clean pharmacy by complying with procedure , rules, and regulations. Protect.
patients and employees by adhering to infection control policies and protocol
Organize medications for pharmacist to dispense by reading medication orders and.
prescription, preparing labels, calculating quantities, and assembling intravenous
solutions and other pharmaceutical therapies. Maintains records by recording and
filling physician order and prescriptions, ensure medication availability by delivering
medications to patients and departments. Preparing report by collecting and
 summarizing information..
[09/2016 - 08/09/2018]
Health Care Executive
City Maternity and Nursing Home, Rohtak (India)
As Health Care Executive, support personnel for health first aid function in providing
injection administration, dressing, inhaler, catheter, nebulizer, measurement and
monitoring of vitals temp, BP, Pulse rate, monitoring their intake food and output
timely. Administration of medicines on time in taking tablets, capsules, oral
mixtures, applying a cream/ointment, inserting drops to ears, nose or eyes,
administering inhaled medicines, insulin and taking sample of urine, blood and stool
tests.
Support clients who can't move on their own, help clients dress, bathe, eat etc.
Assist clients with physical therapy exercises, Providing meals according to the
customer's restrictions. Help customer with their shopping. Do necessary indoor
and outdoor housekeeping activities. Provide emotional support. Providing friendly
environment.General and technical Maintenance.
[09/2015 - 10/2016]
Heath Executive (Pharmacist)
DCM TEXTILE LTD
City: Hisar I Country: India.
Committed to quality of care, patient safety.Taking responsibility for care of
patients, employees and their families in the organization. Building a culture of trust,
respect . Perform day to day operations and all industrial health related compliance
from time to time.
Carry out pre-employment medical checks, care for people who become injured or
ill at work, provide counselling, give advice and educate employees on health and
safety and sickness absence, and perform risk assessments and maintain records
for employees and health records . Attending the meeting and working on company
policies.
[ 01/08/2008 - 31/08/20151
Health Nurse cum Technical Supervisor
Rohtak Institute of Engineering and Management
City: Rohtak  Country: India.
. Provide basic healthcare to students in case of injury or acute illness..
: Develop health plans for students with chronic illnesses and disabilities.
: Educate students and staff on healthy habits, such as proper nutrition and.
hygiene.
: Detect health problems in early stages through regular screenings.
: Supervise technical maintenance in premises of Institution
